
25/3:	Started working on the single cycle datapath.
	Enumerated some of the needed tasks (shifter, new control unit...)
	Rewired the Lab's pipelined version as a single cycle.
	Created some dummy verilog modules to synthesize the wiring.
30/3:	Received an updated version, reviewing.
	No difference between bge/blt and bgeu/bltu.			FIXED
	Missing connections in top module.
	Data memory implemented as big endian.				FIXED
	Zeroed control flags for system and fence isntructions.	
	Relocated mux zeroing first alu input for LUI instruction
	before the register file, using reg x0.
	Found incorrect control signals (control unit).			FIXED
	Found error in the mapping between the ALU control
	unit and the ALU						FIXED
31/3	Fixed error in branching (removed the shifter)					FIXED
	Due to the writing in the reg file on the negative
	clk edge, the first load instruction was not executed
	correctly, added a nop as first instruction.
	Successfully tested the instructions from the lab exp.
02/4	Testing the full datapath.
	Report/Documentation.
06/4	Enumerating hazards, when to forward...
	Adding byte/halfword/unsigned... options for BRAM		DONE
	Working on adding a reset signal to the BRAM			---
	Zero, overflow ... flags are now generated by the
	branching unit, there is no need to wait for the ALU		DONE
07/4	Separated the different stages in code for more visibility	DONE
	Added pipeline registers and reconnected the top module		DONE
	Moved the multiplexers that chose the word to be written to 
	the register file to the end of the mem stage to reduce the 
	number of pipeline regs and to reduce the congestion in the 
	decoding stage.	
	Only single memory, hazard_detection/forward_unit left		---
10/4	Added a dummy module for the forwarding unit and connected	Done
	it in the top module.						
11/4	Completed the forwarding unit					Done
	Completed single cycle memory					Done
12/4	Debugging
13/4	Made some tests, fixed some errors	
	Working on BRAM
	Utilization report shows BRAM is used but synchronisation error
	with the clock causes instructions not being fetched correctly
	BRAM FULLY WORKING NOW
	Forgot to make the jalr lsb 0		will do it later
14/4	Fixed the jalr lsb
	Started working on the compressed instruction
17/4	Completed the compressed instructions, still requires revision
18/4	Revising the compressed instructions
19/4	Finalised Extender.v, the compressed instructions module
	Creating test cases
20/4	The previous BRAM implementation had a bug causing it not to store
	correctly, fixing it made Vivado stop inferring Bram
	Tried implementing the BRAM using the IP configurator, but I am
	having troubles reading and writing to it correctly.
	Managed to read and write from the bram in an independent module
	on a testbench
	Retrying to implement the bram in the riscV datapath
	Just realised that including the bram will need lots of modifications
	since RiscV is not word aligned.		Aborting BRAM impl.
	Testing the compressed instructions.

Note that all my tests were done on the fpga board.	
